Add CKEditor (#4609)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/ckeditor.md

---
title: CKEditor
category: framework
iconSlug: ckeditor4
permalink: /ckeditor
releasePolicyLink: https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor5/latest/updating/versioning-policy.html

activeSupportColumn: true
releaseColumn: false
extendedSupportColumn: true

releases:
-   releaseCycle: "5"
    support: true
    eol: false
    extendedSupport: false

-   releaseCycle: "4"
    lts: true
    support: false
    eol: 2023-06-30
    extendedSupport: 2026-12-01

---

> > [CKEditor](https://ckeditor.com/) is an open-source WYSIWYG library written in JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [CKEditor](https://ckeditor.com/) is an open-source WYSIWYG rich text editor written in JavaScript.
```

library is a bit too generic IMO.

---
title: CKEditor
category: framework
permalink: /ckeditor
releaseColumn: true
activeSupportColumn: true
extendedSupportColumn: true
releasePolicyLink: https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor5/latest/updating/versioning-policy.html
iconSlug: ckeditor4

releases:
-   releaseCycle: "5"
    eol: false
    support: true
    latest: "41.1.0"
    link: https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/releases/tag/v41.1.0

>     latestReleaseDate: 2024-02-07

Reviewer: Given the release cycle name (`5`) does not match the versions, latest versions updates can't be automated. I think it will be very hard to maintain over time, so maybe we shouldn't document latest versions at all ? WDYT ?

Author: I don't know much about how auto updates work, but if you think it will be hard to automate I trust you.
I removed the column.

    extendedSupport: false

> -   releaseCycle: "4"

Reviewer: Can you sort fields by following [the guidelines](https://github.com/endoflife-date/endoflife.date/wiki/Style-Guide) ?

    eol: 2023-06-30
    extendedSupport: 2026-12-01
    lts: true
    support: false
    latest: "4.24.0"
    link: https://ckeditor.com/cke4/release/CKEditor-4.24.0-LTS
    latestReleaseDate: 2024-02-07

>     lts: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

`lts` field is duplicated.

---

> [CKEditor](https://ckeditor.com/) is an open-source WYSIWYG library written in JavaScript.

> 

Reviewer: Is it OK to assume that only the latest release is supported ? If so, can you document it ?

Author: I don't think that is true. CKE 5 was published in 2018 and supported alongside CKE 4 for several years.
I could not find an official release policy.
